Subject: Requested a follow-up to develop Proof of Concept (PoC) for the solutions.

Dear [CEO's Name],

Hope this email finds you in a fine form.

In this letter, I am seeking for an arrangement of a follow-up meeting to outline a plan for the development of a Proof of Concept (PoC) to carry out the solutions proposed by our team at [Your Company Name] At the time of our previous discussion, we identified the need to solve the problems that concern Zomato and the gain that we may receive in terms of the operational efficiency and customer experience while testing these solutions.

Based on our discussions, the purpose of this meeting would be to:Based on our discussions, the purpose of this meeting would be to:

Demarcate the limits and objectives of this PoC.
Specify the time of delivering the PoC execution and judge its capability in getting us back to 50% market share within the next 3 months.
Talk about the financial aspects of the pilot, with focus on investment consideration and potential partnerships including evaluating KPMG investment options.
Identify the crucial participants and the resources from Zomato which will support the implementation of PoC to be successful.
Research the new market segments, focus in the grocery delivery segment, and report on the research outcome.
Aligning on these wil be critical when launching a Proof Of Concept successfully and in a timely manner. The guidance that you will provide at this stage will be critical in defining the project roadmap and in guaranteeing that it will be successful.

Is it possible if you could schedule a meeting with you for the earliest date on the agenda for us to clarify these things? Kindly let me know your free slots so that l can fix a schedule with your team for a meeting that best fits.

I appreciate you taking to consideration the request, and it will be a pleasure to work together in future.

Best regards,


Subject: Meeting Summary and Action Items: Creation of Recommendation of Action for Implementing Listed Solutions

Dear [CEO's Name],

I trust that this Email reaches you in a good state of health.

Having our last meeting concerning the Proof of Concept (PoC) intended for the implementation of the suggested answers, I want to emphasize the main points that have been covered and to fill out the agreed further steps.

Meeting Recap:

It was easier to sell the idea of using a Proof of Concept as a means to carry out the pilot and validation of the proposed solutions.
It is obvious that the desired outcome is to have the current 50% market share increased within the next three months and the Product of Concept (PoC) plays the critical role in the process.
Pacing needs to be defined for commercialization of the proof-of-concept (PoC) and financial matters have to be dealt with whether KPMG would be the potential investor.
It was decided that a joint team consisting of members across different functions in Zomato will need to be involved for the implementation of the PoC.
Besides, we are also practicing market research for occasions of grocery delivery’s expansion, and will give some insights on this as well.
Action Items:

Pin down the scope, objectives, and timeline of the PoC.
Go with an investigation and evaluation of the financial impact of the pilot as well as into potential investment opportunities jointly with KPMG.
As for Zomato, let's enumerate the principal stakeholders and highlight the needed resources.
Reports on preliminary findings from segment exploration research on the front of the grocery delivery.
Set up a follow-up to see how you are doing and for any answers you might have left.
Please feel free to send me a message if there are any more things/actions items that needs to be covered. I will give it my all to have this project be implemented successfully, and it will be a pleasure to have our further cooperation.

Thank you for taking the time and giving attention to this issue.

Best regards,
